Added link to the Constants.Trees.Groups in API documentation and minor readability fixes (#2218)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Section-Trees/trees.md

The SortOrder controls the order of the custom tree within the Tree Group.

### Tree Groups

> Tree Groups are a new concept in V8, to enable you to group trees in a section. You provide the alias of the Tree Group name, you wish to add your tree to - see [Constants.Trees.Groups](https://our.umbraco.com/apidocs/v8/csharp/api/Umbraco.Core.Constants.Trees.Groups.html) for a list of existing group alias. An example of tree groups in the back office would be the *Settings* tree group and the *Templating* tree group in the *Settings* section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree Groups are a new concept in V8, to enable you to group trees in a section. You provide the alias of the Tree Group name, you wish to add your tree to - see [Constants.Trees.Groups](https://our.umbraco.com/apidocs/v8/csharp/api/Umbraco.Core.Constants.Trees.Groups.html) for a list of existing group alias. An example of tree groups in the backoffice would be the *Settings* tree group and the *Templating* tree group in the *Settings* section.
```

For example clicking on one of the 'Favourite Things' in the custom tree example outlined above will trigger the loading of an 'edit.html' view from the folder: */views/favouriteThingsAlias/edit.html*. The 'Delete' menu item would also load a view from: */views/favouriteThingsAlias/delete.html*

> If you're creating a custom tree as part of an Umbraco package/plugin, it's recommended to change the location of the default folder to the `app_plugins` folder. You achieve this by decorating you mvc *TreeController* with the *PluginController* attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're creating a custom tree as part of an Umbraco package/plugin, it's recommended to change the location of the default folder to the `App_Plugins` folder. You achieve this by decorating you mvc *TreeController* with the *PluginController* attribute.
```
